In the last radio, we added shopping cart to our database.
Now let's add that in our repository.
Also, if you notice in our models, we have application user so we can create a repository to work
with that table as well.
So that me add to that is based the category repository two times.
First one will be the shopping cart repository and next that may be named the application user depository.
So let me copy the name here, which is a shopping cart repository and open that up in here.
Let's modify everything to be for a shopping cart.
We do not want any update right now, so we can just remove that.
We will just be using the basic methods that we have in the repository.
We need to implement the interface.
I will do that in just a second.
Let me modify the application user as well.
The model here will be application user.
Inside user also, let's not worry about the update for now.
So these two are very simple repositories where we are directly accessing all the methods that we have
in the base repository.
We should have implemented the interface first, but that's OK since we can just paste the category
repository category repository interface and change that to be an application user repository that can
copy that name and modify application user.
We do not want the update method.
We've removed that next to a category.
This will be a shopping cart repository.
We do not want to copy at the end that will copy that name there.
And this looks good.
So with this, we should not have any errors in the repositories.
Perfect.
Let me close all the tabs and modify our unit of foot interface.
We have the shopping cart and I application user repository next modified the unit of work itself.
We have the shopping cart there, and with a public eye application user repository here, we initialize
the application user and the shopping cart.
So with that God created us works, looks good for both the repository of shopping cart as well as application
user.